the Israeli Army has urged all residents
of Gaza of City to leave it's dropped
leaflets showing Escape Routes from the
city Israel has been stepping up its
ground assault and air strikes on Hamas
militants with often deadly consequences
for
civilians the human cost of another
Israeli air strike in
Gaza Palestinian medical officials say
dozens were killed after missiles hit
the tents of displaced families camped
outside a un run School in abasan a town
near Khan
[Music]
yunes we were by the school Gates I went
out to get things for my children when
the strike happened a huge explosion
people were flying in all directions
there were no ambulances they took about
an hour to
arrive Israel's military told the
Reuters news agency it was looking into
the
incident it says it was targeting Hamas
forces in the
area those at the scene of the strike
stressed that the victims were
civilians suddenly and without prior
warning Rockets were fired towards a few
people who were using the internet
signal there they weren't Fighters they
didn't have weapons and they weren't
involved in any resistance operations
they were civilians and mostly children
these pictures show the extent of the
devastation in Han Yunis after Israel's
campaign in the area part of its
response to the Hamas October the 7th
terror attack on Southern Israel that
authorities say killed around 1,200
people and saw hostages
taken this latest air strike has come as
the two sides resume efforts to secure a
ceasefire and hostage release Hamas has
warned that Israel's renewed ground
assault and
bombardment could jeopardize
talks the journalist Kar algi joins me
now from Cairo um Egyptian media are
reporting that talks will continue in
Doha and in Cairo this week yet Hamas is
warning that the latest Israeli strikes
could jeopardize those talks
of course uh all what you just saw in
this report before is putting the talks
into danger but uh the talks are until
now ongoing and we have really uh
shuttled the more problems you know
right now between uh Egypt the gulf
Emirate ofq and Israel uh with the US
involved yesterday for example we had
talks in Cairo with the head of the
Egyptian intelligent abas
camel the Israeli delegations headed by
shim bit and also um CIA director Bill
Burns and uh Joe Biden's special Middle
East advisers advisor Brett mcer
involved and this talks mainly turned
around uh border management Egypt wants
the Israeli Army to withdraw from the
border towards Egypt Israel and the US
say they want to make sure that there
are no weapons delivered to Hamas from
the side of Egypt especially underground
Israel in that case wants to remain the
right to military intervene in the
Border area so that's what the talk in
Egypt were about on the table there is
some kind of sound barrier that might
have been might have been come into
Construction in the first days after the
ceasefire in Gaza with us cooporation so
the talks in Egypt mainly about the
Border management now we are back in
Israel and qat so it's an ongoing
shuttle diplomacy now Hamas still wants
a permanent ceased fire Israel has
rejected any deal that would force it to
end uh the war with Hamas left intact uh
that's a vicious circle is it
not it is it is really the sticking
point Hamas wants to have this
guarantees for permanent ceasefire
Netanyahu wants to keep the end to the
war open especially with his stated goal
of the destruction of Hamas Hamas
dropped now it seems their demand for a
permanent ceasefire as some kind of
prere request pres it as a precondition
for the whole process of exchanging
hostages and prisoners uh a process that
should go in several phases but Hamas
still Demands a commitment to a
permanent ceasefire before this whole
process of exchange really will end so
the understandings of the details here
are very difficult some sources say that
the talks are very constructiv other
says that they are facing difficulties
and they are very complex and that they
will take several weeks but as I said
the shuttle diplomacy is in full swing
so it seems all sides still hope to
advance their positions in this talks
the journalist K AI in Kyo thank you
very much
Karim you're
welcome for more we can cross over now
to our correspondent in Jerusalem Tanya
Kramer Tanya Palestinian officials say
at least 25 people were killed in the
air strike on that school the Israel
Defense Forces say they're reviewing
reports that civilians were harmed what
more do we know at this
point well we know from the Israeli Army
that's what they usually put out in a
statement they put out overnight that uh
basically they're saying they targeted a
Hamas militant who took part in the
October seven attacks among other uh
things and saying as you said that
they're looking into the report that
civilians were harmed in this strike now
we know from the GAA Health Ministry
that among the victims there were women
and children uh they were taking shelter
uh at this school it's also not the
first time a school or a 10 City where
you know people are taking shelter
seeking shelter uh has been hid and uh
they also said Health Services there
that uh casualties uh are expected uh to
rise from there in addition to that we
are seeing heavy bombardment in G City
uh in the where people in the Eastern
parts and in central Gaza were asked or
ordered by the military to uh leave the
area moving further west uh the
Palestinian red cresant has said they
have difficulties to reach uh the
wounded and injured people also some
hospitals have uh evacuated to other
hospitals of course they're all not
fully functioning so it's not an easy
task for them now the military has
indicated uh earlier in the year that
they had Gaza City under control but
clearly not they're saying that Hamas
and other militant groups from their
point of view are regrouping so that
means that thousands are again are
displaced many have stayed in Gaza City
moving from neighborhood to Neighborhood
but some are saying they're staying put
where they are because it's simply too
dangerous right now uh to move somewhere
else in Gaza City because any safety
there is
illusive what about ceasefire
negotiations Tanya Egyptian media are
reporting that talks will continue in
Doha and Cairo this week but could these
latest Israeli air strikes end up
jeopardizing those
talks well we heard from Hamas they have
been saying that these latest
development especially also what is
going on in Gaza City could and could
return the negotiations to point0 and as
you said those negotiations are uh
underway at the moment we're expecting
today a four-way meeting in Doha in qat
between the Israeli American cat and
Egyptian officials in Doha we also have
Hamas to have a bureau there now this
meeting is seen here as crucial it comes
after meeting in Kyo because they're
saying from what we're hearing from
sources here that this is a meeting to
take stocks what are the uh
disagreements still we heard there's
some progress but we also heard uh from
Israeli officials now uh saying that
Egyptian optimism uh is a bit premature
and that long and complex and difficult
negotiations are are uh ahead in the
coming weeks and of course also
domestically we have to say uh we have
been hearing from prime minister
Benyamin Netanyahu ambiguous uh
statements he had put out uh five
principles that are non-negotiable which
have been seen by some as further
complicating those talks and also his
power right Coalition Partners have said
they don't want to see such a agreement
and they would leave the government if
such an agreement would be closed Tanya
thank you very much our correspondent
Tanya Kramer there in Jerusalem